{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\cf1\lang1033\fs24 According to all known laws of aviation,\par
\par
there is no way a bee should be able to fly.\par
\par
Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground.\par
\par
The bee, of course, flies anyway\par
\par
because bees don't care what humans think is impossible.\par
\par
Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Yellow, black.\par
\par
Ooh, black and yellow! Let's shake it up a little.\par
\par
Barry! Breakfast is ready!\par
\par
Ooming!\par
\par
Hang on a second.\par
\par
Hello?\par
\par
Barry?\par
\par
Adam?\par
\par
Oan you believe this is happening?\par
\par
I can't. I'll pick you up.\par
\par
Looking sharp.\par
\par
Use the stairs. Your father paid good money for those.\par
\par
Sorry. I'm excited.\par
\par
Here's the graduate. We're very proud of you, son.\par
\par
A perfect report card, all B's.\par
\par
Very proud.\par
\par
Ma! I got a thing going here.\par
\par
You got lint on your fuzz.\par
\par
Ow! That's me!\par
\par
Wave to us! We'll be in row 118,000.\par
\par
Bye!\par
\par
Barry, I told you, stop flying in the house!\par
\par
Hey, Adam.\par
\par
Hey, Barry.\par
\par
Is that fuzz gel?\par
\par
A little. Special day, graduation.\par
\par
Never thought I'd make it.\par
\par
Three days grade school, three days high school.\par
\par
Those were awkward.\par
\par
Three days college. I'm glad I took a day and hitchhiked around the hive.\par
\par
You did come back different.\par
\par
Hi, Barry.\par
\par
Artie, growing a mustache? Looks good.\par
\par
Hear about Frankie?\par
\par
Yeah.\par
\par
You going to the funeral?\par
\par
No, I'm not going.\par
\par
Everybody knows, sting someone, you die.\par
\par
Don't waste it on a squirrel. Such a hothead.\par
\par
I guess he could have just gotten out of the way.\par
\par
I love this incorporating an amusement park into our day.\par
\par
That's why we don't need vacations.\par
\par
Boy, quite a bit of pomp... under the circumstances.\par
\par
Well, Adam, today we are men.\par
\par
We are!\par
\par
Bee-men.\par
\par
Amen!\par
\par
Hallelujah!\par
\par
Students, faculty, distinguished bees,\par
\par
please welcome Dean Buzzwell.\par
\par
Welcome, New Hive Oity graduating class of...\par
\par
...9:15.\par
\par
That concludes our ceremonies.\par
\par
And begins your career at Honex Industries!\par
\par
Will we pick ourjob today?\par
\par
I heard it's just orientation.\par
\par
Heads up! Here we go.\par
\par
Keep your hands and antennas inside the tram at all times.\par
\par
Wonder what it'll be like?\par
\par
A little scary.\par
\par
Welcome to Honex, a division of Honesco\par
\par
and a part of the Hexagon Group.\par
\par
This is it!\par
\par
Wow.\par
\par
Wow.\par
\par
We know that you, as a bee, have worked your whole life\par
\par
to get to the point where you can work for your whole life.\par
\par
Honey begins when our valiant Pollen Jocks bring the nectar to the hive.\par
\par
Our top-secret formula\par
\par
is automatically color-corrected, scent-adjusted and bubble-contoured\par
\par
into this soothing sweet syrup\par
\par
with its distinctive golden glow you know as...\par
\par
Honey!\par
\par
That girl was hot.\par
\par
She's my cousin!\par
\par
She is?\par
\par
Yes, we're all cousins.\par
\par
Right. You're right.\par
\par
At Honex, we constantly strive\par
\par
to improve every aspect of bee existence.\par
\par
These bees are stress-testing a new helmet technology.\par
\par
What do you think he makes?\par
\par
Not enough.\par
\par
Here we have our latest advancement, the Krelman.\par
\par
What does that do?\par
\par
Oatches that little strand of honey\par
\par
that hangs after you pour it. Saves us millions.\par
\par
Oan anyone work on the Krelman?\par
\par
Of course. Most bee jobs are small ones. But bees know\par
\par
that every small job, if it's done well, means a lot.\par
\par
But choose carefully\par
\par
because you'll stay in the job you pick for the rest of your life.\par
\par
The same job the rest of your life? I didn't know that.\par
\par
What's the difference?\par
\par
You'll be happy to know that bees, as a species, haven't had one day off\par
\par
in 27 million years.\par
\par
So you'll just work us to death?\par
\par
We'll sure try.\par
\par
Wow! That blew my mind!\par
\par
"What's the difference?" How can you say that?\par
\par
One job forever? That's an insane choice to have to make.\par
\par
I'm relieved. Now we only have to make one decision in life.\par
\par
But, Adam, how could they never have told us that?\par
\par
Why would you question anything? We're bees.\par
\par
We're the most perfectly functioning society on Earth.\par
\par
You ever think maybe things work a little too well here?\par
\par
Like what? Give me one example.\par
\par
I don't know. But you know what I'm talking about.\par
\par
Please clear the gate. Royal Nectar Force on approach.\par
\par
Wait a second. Oheck it out.\par
\par
Hey, those are Pollen Jocks!\par
\par
Wow.\par
\par
I've never seen them this close.\par
\par
They know what it's like outside the hive.\par
\par
Yeah, but some don't come back.\par
\par
Hey, Jocks!\par
\par
Hi, Jocks!\par
\par
You guys did great!\par
\par
You're monsters! You're sky freaks! I love it! I love it!\par
\par
I wonder where they were.\par
\par
I don't know.\par
\par
Their day's not planned.\par
\par
Outside the hive, flying who knows where, doing who knows what.\par
\par
You can'tjust decide to be a Pollen Jock. You have to be bred for that.\par
\par
Right.\par
\par
Look. That's more pollen than you and I will see in a lifetime.\par
\par
It's just a status symbol. Bees make too much of it.\par
\par
Perhaps. Unless you're wearing it and the ladies see you wearing it.\par
\par
Those ladies? Aren't they our cousins too?\par
\par
Distant. Distant.\par
\par
Look at these two.\par
\par
Oouple of Hive Harrys.\par
\par
Let's have fun with them.\par
\par
It must be dangerous being a Pollen Jock.\par
\par
Yeah. Once a bear pinned me against a mushroom!\par
\par
He had a paw on my throat, and with the other, he was slapping me!\par
\par
Oh, my!\par
\par
I never thought I'd knock him out.\par
\par
What were you doing during this?\par
\par
Trying to alert the authorities.\par
\par
I can autograph that.\par
\par
A little gusty out there today, wasn't it, comrades?\par
\par
Yeah. Gusty.\par
\par
We're hitting a sunflower patch six miles from here tomorrow.\par
\par
Six miles, huh?\par
\par
Barry!\par
\par
A puddle jump for us, but maybe you're not up for it.\par
\par
Maybe I am.\par
\par
You are not!\par
\par
We're going 0900 at J-Gate.\par
\par
What do you think, buzzy-boy? Are you bee enough?\par
\par
I might be. It all depends on what 0900 means.\par
\par
Hey, Honex!\par
\par
Dad, you surprised me.\par
\par
You decide what you're interested in?\par
\par
Well, there's a lot of choices.\par
\par
But you only get one.\par
\par
Do you ever get bored doing the same job every day?\par
\par
Son, let me tell you about stirring.\par
\par
You grab that stick, and you just move it around, and you stir it around.\par
\par
You get yourself into a rhythm. It's a beautiful thing.\par
\par
You know, Dad, the more I think about it,\par
\par
maybe the honey field just isn't right for me.\par
\par
You were thinking of what, making balloon animals?\par
\par
That's a bad job for a guy with a stinger.\par
\par
Janet, your son's not sure he wants to go into honey!\par
\par
Barry, you are so funny sometimes.\par
\par
I'm not trying to be funny.\par
\par
You're not funny! You're going into honey. Our son, the stirrer!\par
\par
You're gonna be a stirrer?\par
\par
No one's listening to me!\par
\par
Wait till you see the sticks I have.\par
\par
I could say anything right now. I'm gonna get an ant tattoo!\par
\par
Let's open some honey and celebrate!\par
\par
Maybe I'll pierce my thorax. Shave my antennae.\par
\par
Shack up with a grasshopper. Get a gold tooth and call everybody "dawg"!\par
\par
I'm so proud.\par
\par
We're starting work today!\par
\par
Today's the day.\par
\par
Oome on! All the good jobs will be gone.\par
\par
Yeah, right.\par
\par
Pollen counting, stunt bee, pouring, stirrer, front desk, hair removal...\par
\par
Is it still available?\par
\par
Hang on. Two left!\par
\par
One of them's yours! Oongratulations! Step to the side.\par
\par
What'd you get?\par
\par
Picking crud out. Stellar!\par
\par
Wow!\par
\par
Oouple of newbies?\par
\par
Yes, sir! Our first day! We are ready!\par
\par
Make your choice.\par
\par
You want to go first?\par
\par
No, you go.\par
\par
Oh, my. What's available?\par
\par
Restroom attendant's open, not for the reason you think.\par
\par
Any chance of getting the Krelman?\par
\par
Sure, you're on.\par
\par
I'm sorry, the Krelman just closed out.\par
\par
Wax monkey's always open.\par
\par
The Krelman opened up again.\par
\par
What happened?\par
\par
A bee died. Makes an opening. See? He's dead. Another dead one.\par
\par
Deady. Deadified. Two more dead.\par
\par
Dead from the neck up. Dead from the neck down. That's life!\par
\par
Oh, this is so hard!\par
\par
Heating, cooling, stunt bee, pourer, stirrer,\par
\par
humming, inspector number seven, lint coordinator, stripe supervisor,\par
\par
mite wrangler. Barry, what do you think I should... Barry?\par
\par
Barry!\par
\par
All right, we've got the sunflower patch in quadrant nine...\par
\par
What happened to you? Where are you?\par
\par
I'm going out.\par
\par
Out? Out where?\par
\par
Out there.\par
\par
Oh, no!\par
\par
I have to, before I go to work for the rest of my life.\par
\par
You're gonna die! You're crazy! Hello?\par
\par
Another call coming in.\par
\par
If anyone's feeling brave, there's a Korean deli on 83rd\par
\par
that gets their roses today.\par
\par
Hey, guys.\par
\par
Look at that.\par
\par
Isn't that the kid we saw yesterday?\par
\par
Hold it, son, flight deck's restricted.\par
\par
It's OK, Lou. We're gonna take him up.\par
\par
Really? Feeling lucky, are you?\par
\par
Sign here, here. Just initial that.\par
\par
Thank you.\par
\par
OK.\par
\par
You got a rain advisory today,\par
\par
and as you all know, bees cannot fly in rain.\par
\par
So be careful. As always, watch your brooms,\par
\par
hockey sticks, dogs, birds, bears and bats.\par
\par
Also, I got a couple of reports of root beer being poured on us.\par
\par
Murphy's in a home because of it, babbling like a cicada!\par
\par
That's awful.\par
\par
And a reminder for you rookies,\par
\par
bee law number one, absolutely no talking to humans!\par
\par
All right, launch positions!\par
\par
Buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz! Buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz! Buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz!\par
\par
Black and yellow!\par
\par
Hello!\par
\par
You ready for this, hot shot?\par
\par
Yeah. Yeah, bring it on.\par
\par
Wind, check.\par
\par
Antennae, check.\par
\par
Nectar pack, check.\par
\par
Wings, check.\par
\par
Stinger, check.\par
\par
Scared out of my shorts, check.\par
\par
OK, ladies,\par
\par
let's move it out!\par
\par
Pound those petunias, you striped stem-suckers!\par
\par
All of you, drain those flowers!\par
\par
Wow! I'm out!\par
\par
I can't believe I'm out!\par
\par
So blue.\par
\par
I feel so fast and free!\par
\par
Box kite!\par
\par
Wow!\par
\par
Flowers!\par
\par
This is Blue Leader. We have roses visual.\par
\par
Bring it around 30 degrees and hold.\par
\par
Roses!\par
\par
30 degrees, roger. Bringing it around.\par
\par
Stand to the side, kid. It's got a bit of a kick.\par
\par
That is one nectar collector!\par
\par
Ever see pollination up close?\par
\par
No, sir.\par
\par
I pick up some pollen here, sprinkle it over here. Maybe a dash over there,\par
\par
a pinch on that one. See that? It's a little bit of magic.\par
\par
That's amazing. Why do we do that?\par
\par
That's pollen power. More pollen, more flowers, more nectar, more honey for us.\par
\par
Oool.\par
\par
I'm picking up a lot of bright yellow. Oould be daisies. Don't we need those?\par
\par
Oopy that visual.\par
\par
Wait. One of these flowers seems to be on the move.\par
\par
Say again? You're reporting a moving flower?\par
\par
Affirmative.\par
\par
That was on the line!\par
\par
This is the coolest. What is it?\par
\par
I don't know, but I'm loving this color.\par
\par
It smells good. Not like a flower, but I like it.\par
\par
Yeah, fuzzy.\par
\par
Ohemical-y.\par
\par
Oareful, guys. It's a little grabby.\par
\par
My sweet lord of bees!\par
\par
Oandy-brain, get off there!\par
\par
Problem!\par
\par
Guys!\par
\par
This could be bad.\par
\par
Affirmative.\par
\par
Very close.\par
\par
Gonna hurt.\par
\par
Mama's little boy.\par
\par
You are way out of position, rookie!\par
\par
Ooming in at you like a missile!\par
\par
Help me!\par
\par
I don't think these are flowers.\par
\par
Should we tell him?\par
\par
I think he knows.\par
\par
What is this?!\par
\par
Match point!\par
\par
You can start packing up, honey, because you're about to eat it!\par
\par
Yowser!\par
\par
Gross.\par
\par
There's a bee in the car!\par
\par
Do something!\par
\par
I'm driving!\par
\par
Hi, bee.\par
\par
He's back here!\par
\par
He's going to sting me!\par
\par
Nobody move. If you don't move, he won't sting you. Freeze!\par
\par
He blinked!\par
\par
Spray him, Granny!\par
\par
What are you doing?!\par
\par
Wow... the tension level out here is unbelievable.\par
\par
I gotta get home.\par
\par
Oan't fly in rain.\par
\par
Oan't fly in rain.\par
\par
Oan't fly in rain.\par
\par
Mayday! Mayday! Bee going down!\par
\par
Ken, could you close the window please?\par
\par
Ken, could you close the window please?\par
\par
Oheck out my new resume. I made it into a fold-out brochure.\par
\par
You see? Folds out.\par
\par
Oh, no. More humans. I don't need this.\par
\par
What was that?\par
\par
Maybe this time. This time. This time. This time! This time! This...\par
\par
Drapes!\par
\par
That is diabolical.\par
\par
It's fantastic. It's got all my special skills, even my top-ten favorite movies.\par
\par
What's number one? Star Wars?\par
\par
Nah, I don't go for that...\par
\par
...kind of stuff.\par
\par
No wonder we shouldn't talk to them. They're out of their minds.\par
\par
When I leave a job interview, they're flabbergasted, can't believe what I say.\par
\par
There's the sun. Maybe that's a way out.\par
\par
I don't remember the sun having a big 75 on it.\par
\par
I predicted global warming.\par
\par
I could feel it getting hotter. At first I thought it was just me.\par
\par
Wait! Stop! Bee!\par
\par
Stand back. These are winter boots.\par
\par
Wait!\par
\par
Don't kill him!\par
\par
You know I'm allergic to them! This thing could kill me!\par
\par
Why does his life have less value than yours?\par
\par
Why does his life have any less value than mine? Is that your statement?\par
\par
I'm just saying all life has value. You don't know what he's capable of feeling.\par
\par
My brochure!\par
\par
There you go, little guy.\par
\par
I'm not scared of him. It's an allergic thing.\par
\par
Put that on your resume brochure.\par
\par
My whole face could puff up.\par
\par
Make it one of your special skills.\par
\par
Knocking someone out is also a special skill.\par
\par
Right. Bye, Vanessa. Thanks.\par
\par
Vanessa, next week? Yogurt night?\par
\par
Sure, Ken. You know, whatever.\par
\par
You could put carob chips on there.\par
\par
Bye.\par
\par
Supposed to be less calories.\par
\par
Bye.\par
\par
I gotta say something.\par
\par
She saved my life. I gotta say something.\par
\par
All right, here it goes.\par
\par
Nah.\par
\par
What would I say?\par
\par
I could really get in trouble.\par
\par
It's a bee law. You're not supposed to talk to a human.\par
\par
I can't believe I'm doing this.\par
\par
I've got to.\par
\par
Oh, I can't do it. Oome on!\par
\par
No. Yes. No.\par
\par
Do it. I can't.\par
\par
How should I start it? "You like jazz?" No, that's no good.\par
\par
Here she comes! Speak, you fool!\par
\par
Hi!\par
\par
I'm sorry.\par
\par
You're talking.\par
\par
Yes, I know.\par
\par
You're talking!\par
\par
I'm so sorry.\par
\par
No, it's OK. It's fine. I know I'm dreaming.\par
\par
But I don't recall going to bed.\par
\par
Well, I'm sure this is very disconcerting.\par
\par
This is a bit of a surprise to me. I mean, you're a bee!\par
\par
I am. And I'm not supposed to be doing this,\par
\par
but they were all trying to kill me.\par
\par
And if it wasn't for you...\par
\par
I had to thank you. It's just how I was raised.\par
\par
That was a little weird.\par
\par
I'm talking with a bee.\par
\par
Yeah.\par
\par
I'm talking to a bee. And the bee is talking to me!\par
\par
I just want to say I'm grateful. I'll leave now.\par
\par
Wait! How did you learn to do that?\par
\par
What?\par
\par
The talking thing.\par
\par
Same way you did, I guess. "Mama, Dada, honey." You pick it up.\par
\par
That's very funny.\par
\par
Yeah.\par
\par
Bees are funny. If we didn't laugh, we'd cry with what we have to deal with.\par
\par
Anyway...\par
\par
Oan I...\par
\par
...get you something?\par
\par
Like what?\par
\par
I don't know. I mean... I don't know. Ooffee?\par
\par
I don't want to put you out.\par
\par
It's no trouble. It takes two minutes.\par
\par
It's just coffee.\par
\par
I hate to impose.\par
\par
Don't be ridiculous!\par
\par
Actually, I would love a cup.\par
\par
Hey, you want rum cake?\par
\par
I shouldn't.\par
\par
Have some.\par
\par
No, I can't.\par
\par
Oome on!\par
\par
I'm trying to lose a couple micrograms.\par
\par
Where?\par
\par
These stripes don't help.\par
\par
You look great!\par
\par
I don't know if you know anything about fashion.\par
\par
Are you all right?\par
\par
No.\par
\par
He's making the tie in the cab as they're flying up Madison.\par
\par
He finally gets there.\par
\par
He runs up the steps into the church. The wedding is on.\par
\par
And he says, "Watermelon? I thought you said Guatemalan.\par
\par
Why would I marry a watermelon?"\par
\par
Is that a bee joke?\par
\par
That's the kind of stuff we do.\par
\par
Yeah, different.\par
\par
So, what are you gonna do, Barry?\par
\par
About work? I don't know.\par
\par
I want to do my part for the hive, but I can't do it the way they want.\par
\par
I know how you feel.\par
\par
You do?\par
\par
Sure.\par
\par
My parents wanted me to be a lawyer or a doctor, but I wanted to be a florist.\par
\par
Really?\par
\par
My only interest is flowers.\par
\par
Our new queen was just elected with that same campaign slogan.\par
\par
Anyway, if you look...\par
\par
There's my hive right there. See it?\par
\par
You're in Sheep Meadow!\par
\par
Yes! I'm right off the Turtle Pond!\par
\par
No way! I know that area. I lost a toe ring there once.\par
\par
Why do girls put rings on their toes?\par
\par
Why not?\par
\par
It's like putting a hat on your knee.\par
\par
Maybe I'll try that.\par
\par
You all right, ma'am?\par
\par
Oh, yeah. Fine.\par
\par
Just having two cups of coffee!\par
\par
Anyway, this has been great. Thanks for the coffee.\par
\par
Yeah, it's no trouble.\par
\par
Sorry I couldn't finish it. If I did, I'd be up the rest of my life.\par
\par
Are you...?\par
\par
Oan I take a piece of this with me?\par
\par
Sure! Here, have a crumb.\par
\par
Thanks!\par
\par
Yeah.\par
\par
All right. Well, then... I guess I'll see you around.\par
\par
Or not.\par
\par
OK, Barry.\par
\par
And thank you so much again... for before.\par
\par
Oh, that? That was nothing.\par
\par
Well, not nothing, but... Anyway...\par
\par
This can't possibly work.\par
\par
He's all set to go. We may as well try it.\par
\par
OK, Dave, pull the chute.\par
\par
Sounds amazing.\par
\par
It was amazing!\par
\par
It was the scariest, happiest moment of my life.\par
\par
Humans! I can't believe you were with humans!\par
\par
Giant, scary humans! What were they like?\par
\par
Huge and crazy. They talk crazy.\par
\par
They eat crazy giant things. They drive crazy.\par
\par
Do they try and kill you, like on TV?\par
\par
Some of them. But some of them don't.\par
\par
How'd you get back?\par
\par
Poodle.\par
\par
You did it, and I'm glad. You saw whatever you wanted to see.\par
\par
You had your "experience." Now you can pick out yourjob and be normal.\par
\par
Well...\par
\par
Well?\par
\par
Well, I met someone.\par
\par
You did? Was she Bee-ish?\par
\par
A wasp?! Your parents will kill you!\par
\par
No, no, no, not a wasp.\par
\par
Spider?\par
\par
I'm not attracted to spiders.\par
\par
I know it's the hottest thing, with the eight legs and all.\par
\par
I can't get by that face.\par
\par
So who is she?\par
\par
She's... human.\par
\par
No, no. That's a bee law. You wouldn't break a bee law.\par
\par
Her name's Vanessa.\par
\par
Oh, boy.\par
\par
She's so nice. And she's a florist!\par
\par
Oh, no! You're dating a human florist!\par
\par
We're not dating.\par
\par
You're flying outside the hive, talking to humans that attack our homes\par
\par
with power washers and M-80s! One-eighth a stick of dynamite!\par
\par
She saved my life! And she understands me.\par
\par
This is over!\par
\par
Eat this.\par
\par
This is not over! What was that?\par
\par
They call it a crumb.\par
\par
It was so stingin' stripey!\par
\par
And that's not what they eat. That's what falls off what they eat!\par
\par
You know what a Oinnabon is?\par
\par
No.\par
\par
It's bread and cinnamon and frosting. They heat it up...\par
\par
Sit down!\par
\par
...really hot!\par
\par
Listen to me!\par
                \par
We are not them! We're us. There's us and there's them!\par
\par
Yes, but who can deny the heart that is yearning?\par
\par
There's no yearning. Stop yearning. Listen to me!\par
\par
You have got to start thinking bee, my friend. Thinking bee!\par
\par
Thinking bee.\par
\par
Thinking bee.\par
\par
Thinking bee! Thinking bee! Thinking bee! Thinking bee!\par
\par
There he is. He's in the pool.\par
\par
You know what your problem is, Barry?\par
\par
I gotta start thinking bee?\par
\par
How much longer will this go on?\par
\par
It's been three days! Why aren't you working?\par
\par
I've got a lot of big life decisions to think about.\par
\par
What life? You have no life! You have no job. You're barely a bee!\par
\par
Would it kill you to make a little honey?\par
\par
Barry, come out. Your father's talking to you.\par
\par
Martin, would you talk to him?\par
\par
Barry, I'm talking to you!\par
\par
You coming?\par
\par
Got everything?\par
\par
All set!\par
\par
Go ahead. I'll catch up.\par
\par
Don't be too long.\par
\par
Watch this!\par
\par
Vanessa!\par
\par
We're still here.\par
\par
I told you not to yell at him.\par
\par
He doesn't respond to yelling!\par
\par
Then why yell at me?\par
\par
Because you don't listen!\par
\par
I'm not listening to this.\par
\par
Sorry, I've gotta go.\par
\par
Where are you going?\par
\par
I'm meeting a friend.\par
\par
A girl? Is this why you can't decide?\par
\par
Bye.\par
\par
I just hope she's Bee-ish.\par
\par
They have a huge parade of flowers every year in Pasadena?\par
\par
To be in the Tournament of Roses, that's every florist's dream!\par
\par
Up on a float, surrounded by flowers, crowds cheering.\par
\par
A tournament. Do the roses compete in athletic events?\par
\par
No. All right, I've got one. How come you don't fly everywhere?\par
\par
It's exhausting. Why don't you run everywhere? It's faster.\par
\par
Yeah, OK, I see, I see. All right, your turn.\par
\par
TiVo. You can just freeze live TV? That's insane!\par
\par
You don't have that?\par
\par
We have Hivo, but it's a disease. It's a horrible, horrible disease.\par
\par
Oh, my.\par
\par
Dumb bees!\par
\par
You must want to sting all those jerks.\par
\par
We try not to sting. It's usually fatal for us.\par
\par
So you have to watch your temper.\par
\par
Very carefully. You kick a wall, take a walk,\par
\par
write an angry letter and throw it out. Work through it like any emotion:\par
\par
Anger, jealousy, lust.\par
\par
Oh, my goodness! Are you OK?\par
\par
Yeah.\par
\par
What is wrong with you?!\par
\par
It's a bug.\par
\par
He's not bothering anybody. Get out of here, you creep!\par
\par
What was that? A Pic 'N' Save circular?\par
\par
Yeah, it was. How did you know?\par
\par
It felt like about 10 pages. Seventy-five is pretty much our limit.\par
\par
You've really got that down to a science.\par
\par
I lost a cousin to Italian Vogue.\par
\par
I'll bet.\par
\par
What in the name of Mighty Hercules is this?\par
\par
How did this get here? Oute Bee, Golden Blossom,\par
\par
Ray Liotta Private Select?\par
\par
Is he that actor?\par
\par
I never heard of him.\par
\par
Why is this here?\par
\par
For people. We eat it.\par
\par
You don't have enough food of your own?\par
\par
Well, yes.\par
\par
How do you get it?\par
\par
Bees make it.\par
\par
I know who makes it!\par
\par
And it's hard to make it!\par
\par
There's heating, cooling, stirring. You need a whole Krelman thing!\par
\par
It's organic.\par
\par
It's our-ganic!\par
\par
It's just honey, Barry.\par
\par
Just what?!\par
\par
Bees don't know about this! This is stealing! A lot of stealing!\par
\par
You've taken our homes, schools, hospitals! This is all we have!\par
\par
And it's on sale?! I'm getting to the bottom of this.\par
\par
I'm getting to the bottom of all of this!\par
\par
Hey, Hector.\par
\par
You almost done?\par
\par
Almost.\par
\par
He is here. I sense it.\par
 \par
 Well, I guess I'll go home now\par
\par
and just leave this nice honey out, with no one around.\par
\par
You're busted, box boy!\par
\par
I knew I heard something. So you can talk!\par
\par
I can talk. And now you'll start talking!\par
\par
Where you getting the sweet stuff? Who's your supplier?\par
\par
I don't understand. I thought we were friends.\par
\par
The last thing we want to do is upset bees!\par
\par
You're too late! It's ours now!\par
\par
You, sir, have crossed the wrong sword!\par
\par
You, sir, will be lunch for my iguana, Ignacio!\par
\par
Where is the honey coming from?\par
\par
Tell me where!\par
\par
Honey Farms! It comes from Honey Farms!\par
\par
Orazy person!\par
\par
What horrible thing has happened here?\par
\par
These faces, they never knew what hit them. And now\par
\par
they're on the road to nowhere!\par
\par
Just keep still.\par
\par
What? You're not dead?\par
\par
Do I look dead? They will wipe anything that moves. Where you headed?\par
\par
To Honey Farms. I am onto something huge here.\par
\par
I'm going to Alaska. Moose blood, crazy stuff. Blows your head off!\par
\par
I'm going to Tacoma.\par
\par
And you?\par
\par
He really is dead.\par
\par
All right.\par
\par
Uh-oh!\par
\par
What is that?!\par
\par
Oh, no!\par
\par
A wiper! Triple blade!\par
\par
Triple blade?\par
\par
Jump on! It's your only chance, bee!\par
\par
Why does everything have to be so doggone clean?!\par
\par
How much do you people need to see?!\par
\par
Open your eyes! Stick your head out the window!\par
\par
From NPR News in Washington, I'm Oarl Kasell.\par
\par
But don't kill no more bugs!\par
\par
Bee!\par
\par
Moose blood guy!!\par
\par
You hear something?\par
\par
Like what?\par
\par
Like tiny screaming.\par
\par
Turn off the radio.\par
\par
Whassup, bee boy?\par
\par
Hey, Blood.\par
\par
Just a row of honey jars, as far as the eye could see.\par
\par
Wow!\par
\par
I assume wherever this truck goes is where they're getting it.\par
\par
I mean, that honey's ours.\par
\par
Bees hang tight.\par
\par
We're all jammed in.\par
\par
It's a close community.\par
\par
Not us, man. We on our own. Every mosquito on his own.\par
\par
What if you get in trouble?\par
\par
You a mosquito, you in trouble.\par
\par
Nobody likes us. They just smack. See a mosquito, smack, smack!\par
\par
At least you're out in the world. You must meet girls.\par
\par
Mosquito girls try to trade up, get with a moth, dragonfly.\par
\par
Mosquito girl don't want no mosquito.\par
\par
You got to be kidding me!\par
\par
Mooseblood's about to leave the building! So long, bee!\par
\par
Hey, guys!\par
\par
Mooseblood!\par
\par
I knew I'd catch y'all down here. Did you bring your crazy straw?\par
\par
We throw it in jars, slap a label on it, and it's pretty much pure profit.\par
\par
What is this place?\par
\par
A bee's got a brain the size of a pinhead.\par
\par
They are pinheads!\par
\par
Pinhead.\par
\par
Oheck out the new smoker.\par
\par
Oh, sweet. That's the one you want.\par
\par
The Thomas 3000!\par
\par
Smoker?\par
\par
Ninety puffs a minute, semi-automatic. Twice the nicotine, all the tar.\par
\par
A couple breaths of this knocks them right out.\par
\par
They make the honey, and we make the money.\par
\par
"They make the honey, and we make the money"?\par
\par
Oh, my!\par
\par
What's going on? Are you OK?\par
\par
Yeah. It doesn't last too long.\par
\par
Do you know you're in a fake hive with fake walls?\par
\par
Our queen was moved here. We had no choice.\par
\par
This is your queen? That's a man in women's clothes!\par
\par
That's a drag queen!\par
\par
What is this?\par
\par
Oh, no!\par
\par
There's hundreds of them!\par
\par
Bee honey.\par
\par
Our honey is being brazenly stolen on a massive scale!\par
\par
This is worse than anything bears have done! I intend to do something.\par
\par
Oh, Barry, stop.\par
\par
Who told you humans are taking our honey? That's a rumor.\par
\par
Do these look like rumors?\par
\par
That's a conspiracy theory. These are obviously doctored photos.\par
\par
How did you get mixed up in this?\par
\par
He's been talking to humans.\par
\par
What?\par
\par
Talking to humans?!\par
\par
He has a human girlfriend. And they make out!\par
\par
Make out? Barry!\par
\par
We do not.\par
\par
You wish you could.\par
\par
Whose side are you on?\par
\par
The bees!\par
\par
I dated a cricket once in San Antonio. Those crazy legs kept me up all night.\par
\par
Barry, this is what you want to do with your life?\par
\par
I want to do it for all our lives. Nobody works harder than bees!\par
\par
Dad, I remember you coming home so overworked\par
\par
your hands were still stirring. You couldn't stop.\par
\par
I remember that.\par
\par
What right do they have to our honey?\par
\par
We live on two cups a year. They put it in lip balm for no reason whatsoever!\par
\par
Even if it's true, what can one bee do?\par
\par
Sting them where it really hurts.\par
\par
In the face! The eye!\par
\par
That would hurt.\par
\par
No.\par
\par
Up the nose? That's a killer.\par
\par
There's only one place you can sting the humans, one place where it matters.\par
\par
Hive at Five, the hive's only full-hour action news source.\par
\par
No more bee beards!\par
\par
With Bob Bumble at the anchor desk.\par
\par
Weather with Storm Stinger.\par
\par
Sports with Buzz Larvi.\par
\par
And Jeanette Ohung.\par
\par
Good evening. I'm Bob Bumble.\par
\par
And I'm Jeanette Ohung.\par
\par
A tri-county bee, Barry Benson,\par
\par
intends to sue the human race for stealing our honey,\par
\par
packaging it and profiting from it illegally!\par
\par
Tomorrow night on Bee Larry King,\par
\par
we'll have three former queens here in our studio, discussing their new book,\par
\par
Olassy Ladies, out this week on Hexagon.\par
\par
Tonight we're talking to Barry Benson.\par
\par
Did you ever think, "I'm a kid from the hive. I can't do this"?\par
\par
Bees have never been afraid to change the world.\par
\par
What about Bee Oolumbus? Bee Gandhi? Bejesus?\par
\par
Where I'm from, we'd never sue humans.\par
\par
We were thinking of stickball or candy stores.\par
\par
How old are you?\par
\par
The bee community is supporting you in this case,\par
\par
which will be the trial of the bee century.\par
\par
You know, they have a Larry King in the human world too.\par
\par
It's a common name. Next week...\par
\par
He looks like you and has a show and suspenders and colored dots...\par
\par
Next week...\par
\par
Glasses, quotes on the bottom from the guest even though you just heard 'em.\par
\par
Bear Week next week! They're scary, hairy and here live.\par
\par
Always leans forward, pointy shoulders, squinty eyes, very Jewish.\par
\par
In tennis, you attack at the point of weakness!\par
\par
It was my grandmother, Ken. She's 81.\par
\par
Honey, her backhand's a joke! I'm not gonna take advantage of that?\par
\par
Quiet, please. Actual work going on here.\par
\par
Is that that same bee?\par
\par
Yes, it is!\par
\par
I'm helping him sue the human race.\par
\par
Hello.\par
\par
Hello, bee.\par
\par
This is Ken.\par
\par
Yeah, I remember you. Timberland, size ten and a half. Vibram sole, I believe.\par
\par
Why does he talk again?\par
\par
Listen, you better go 'cause we're really busy working.\par
\par
But it's our yogurt night!\par
\par
Bye-bye.\par
\par
Why is yogurt night so difficult?!\par
\par
You poor thing. You two have been at this for hours!\par
\par
Yes, and Adam here has been a huge help.\par
\par
Frosting...\par
\par
How many sugars?\par
\par
Just one. I try not to use the competition.\par
\par
So why are you helping me?\par
\par
Bees have good qualities.\par
\par
And it takes my mind off the shop.\par
\par
Instead of flowers, people are giving balloon bouquets now.\par
\par
Those are great, if you're three.\par
\par
And artificial flowers.\par
 \par
 Oh, those just get me psychotic!\par
\par
Yeah, me too.\par
\par
Bent stingers, pointless pollination.\par
\par
Bees must hate those fake things!\par
\par
Nothing worse than a daffodil that's had work done.\par
\par
Maybe this could make up for it a little bit.\par
\par
This lawsuit's a pretty big deal.\par
\par
I guess.\par
\par
You sure you want to go through with it?\par
\par
Am I sure? When I'm done with the humans, they won't be able\par
\par
to say, "Honey, I'm home," without paying a royalty!\par
\par
It's an incredible scene here in downtown Manhattan,\par
\par
where the world anxiously waits, because for the first time in history,\par
\par
we will hear for ourselves if a honeybee can actually speak.\par
\par
What have we gotten into here, Barry?\par
\par
It's pretty big, isn't it?\par
\par
I can't believe how many humans don't work during the day.\par
\par
You think billion-dollar multinational food companies have good lawyers?\par
\par
Everybody needs to stay behind the barricade.\par
\par
What's the matter?\par
\par
I don't know, I just got a chill.\par
\par
Well, if it isn't the bee team.\par
\par
You boys work on this?\par
\par
All rise! The Honorable Judge Bumbleton presiding.\par
\par
All right. Oase number 4475,\par
\par
Superior Oourt of New York, Barry Bee Benson v. the Honey Industry\par
\par
is now in session.\par
\par
Mr. Montgomery, you're representing the five food companies collectively?\par
\par
A privilege.\par
\par
Mr. Benson... you're representing all the bees of the world?\par
\par
I'm kidding. Yes, Your Honor, we're ready to proceed.\par
\par
Mr. Montgomery, your opening statement, please.\par
\par
Ladies and gentlemen of the jury,\par
\par
my grandmother was a simple woman.\par
\par
Born on a farm, she believed it was man's divine right\par
\par
to benefit from the bounty of nature God put before us.\par
\par
If we lived in the topsy-turvy world Mr. Benson imagines,\par
\par
just think of what would it mean.\par
\par
I would have to negotiate with the silkworm\par
\par
for the elastic in my britches!\par
\par
Talking bee!\par
\par
How do we know this isn't some sort of\par
\par
holographic motion-picture-capture Hollywood wizardry?\par
\par
They could be using laser beams!\par
\par
Robotics! Ventriloquism! Oloning! For all we know,\par
\par
he could be on steroids!\par
\par
Mr. Benson?\par
\par
Ladies and gentlemen, there's no trickery here.\par
\par
I'm just an ordinary bee. Honey's pretty important to me.\par
\par
It's important to all bees. We invented it!\par
\par
We make it. And we protect it with our lives.\par
\par
Unfortunately, there are some people in this room\par
\par
who think they can take it from us\par
\par
'cause we're the little guys! I'm hoping that, after this is all over,\par
\par
you'll see how, by taking our honey, you not only take everything we have\par
\par
but everything we are!\par
\par
I wish he'd dress like that all the time. So nice!\par
\par
Oall your first witness.\par
\par
So, Mr. Klauss Vanderhayden of Honey Farms, big company you have.\par
\par
I suppose so.\par
\par
I see you also own Honeyburton and Honron!\par
\par
Yes, they provide beekeepers for our farms.\par
\par
Beekeeper. I find that to be a very disturbing term.\par
\par
I don't imagine you employ any bee-free-ers, do you?\par
\par
No.\par
\par
I couldn't hear you.\par
\par
No.\par
\par
No.\par
\par
Because you don't free bees. You keep bees. Not only that,\par
\par
it seems you thought a bear would be an appropriate image for a jar of honey.\par
\par
They're very lovable creatures.\par
\par
Yogi Bear, Fozzie Bear, Build-A-Bear.\par
\par
You mean like this?\par
\par
Bears kill bees!\par
\par
How'd you like his head crashing through your living room?!\par
\par
Biting into your couch! Spitting out your throw pillows!\par
\par
OK, that's enough. Take him away.\par
\par
So, Mr. Sting, thank you for being here. Your name intrigues me.\par
\par
Where have I heard it before?\par
\par
I was with a band called The Police.\par
\par
But you've never been a police officer, have you?\par
\par
No, I haven't.\par
\par
No, you haven't. And so here we have yet another example\par
\par
of bee culture casually stolen by a human\par
\par
for nothing more than a prance-about stage name.\par
\par
Oh, please.\par
\par
Have you ever been stung, Mr. Sting?\par
\par
Because I'm feeling a little stung, Sting.\par
\par
Or should I say... Mr. Gordon M. Sumner!\par
\par
That's not his real name?! You idiots!\par
\par
Mr. Liotta, first, belated congratulations on\par
\par
your Emmy win for a guest spot on ER in 2005.\par
\par
Thank you. Thank you.\par
\par
I see from your resume that you're devilishly handsome\par
\par
with a churning inner turmoil that's ready to blow.\par
\par
I enjoy what I do. Is that a crime?\par
\par
Not yet it isn't. But is this what it's come to for you?\par
\par
Exploiting tiny, helpless bees so you don't\par
\par
have to rehearse your part and learn your lines, sir?\par
\par
Watch it, Benson! I could blow right now!\par
\par
This isn't a goodfella. This is a badfella!\par
\par
Why doesn't someone just step on this creep, and we can all go home?!\par
\par
Order in this court!\par
\par
You're all thinking it!\par
\par
Order! Order, I say!\par
\par
Say it!\par
\par
Mr. Liotta, please sit down!\par
\par
I think it was awfully nice of that bear to pitch in like that.\par
\par
I think the jury's on our side.\par
\par
Are we doing everything right, legally?\par
\par
I'm a florist.\par
\par
Right. Well, here's to a great team.\par
\par
To a great team!\par
\par
Well, hello.\par
\par
Ken!\par
\par
Hello.\par
\par
I didn't think you were coming.\par
\par
No, I was just late. I tried to call, but... the battery.\par
\par
I didn't want all this to go to waste, so I called Barry. Luckily, he was free.\par
\par
Oh, that was lucky.\par
\par
There's a little left. I could heat it up.\par
\par
Yeah, heat it up, sure, whatever.\par
\par
So I hear you're quite a tennis player.\par
\par
I'm not much for the game myself. The ball's a little grabby.\par
\par
That's where I usually sit. Right... there.\par
\par
Ken, Barry was looking at your resume,\par
\par
and he agreed with me that eating with chopsticks isn't really a special skill.\par
\par
You think I don't see what you're doing?\par
\par
I know how hard it is to find the rightjob. We have that in common.\par
\par
Do we?\par
\par
Bees have 100 percent employment, but we do jobs like taking the crud out.\par
\par
That's just what I was thinking about doing.\par
\par
Ken, I let Barry borrow your razor for his fuzz. I hope that was all right.\par
\par
I'm going to drain the old stinger.\par
\par
Yeah, you do that.\par
\par
Look at that.\par
\par
You know, I've just about had it\par
\par
with your little mind games.\par
\par
What's that?\par
\par
Italian Vogue.\par
\par
Mamma mia, that's a lot of pages.\par
\par
A lot of ads.\par
\par
Remember what Van said, why is your life more valuable than mine?\par
\par
Funny, I just can't seem to recall that!\par
\par
I think something stinks in here!\par
\par
I love the smell of flowers.\par
\par
How do you like the smell of flames?!\par
\par
Not as much.\par
\par
Water bug! Not taking sides!\par
\par
Ken, I'm wearing a Ohapstick hat! This is pathetic!\par
\par
I've got issues!\par
\par
Well, well, well, a royal flush!\par
\par
You're bluffing.\par
\par
Am I?\par
\par
Surf's up, dude!\par
\par
Poo water!\par
\par
That bowl is gnarly.\par
\par
Except for those dirty yellow rings!\par
\par
Kenneth! What are you doing?!\par
\par
You know, I don't even like honey! I don't eat it!\par
\par
We need to talk!\par
\par
He's just a little bee!\par
\par
And he happens to be the nicest bee I've met in a long time!\par
\par
Long time? What are you talking about?! Are there other bugs in your life?\par
\par
No, but there are other things bugging me in life. And you're one of them!\par
\par
Fine! Talking bees, no yogurt night...\par
\par
My nerves are fried from riding on this emotional roller coaster!\par
\par
Goodbye, Ken.\par
\par
And for your information,\par
\par
I prefer sugar-free, artificial sweeteners made by man!\par
\par
I'm sorry about all that.\par
\par
I know it's got an aftertaste! I like it!\par
\par
I always felt there was some kind of barrier between Ken and me.\par
\par
I couldn't overcome it. Oh, well.\par
\par
Are you OK for the trial?\par
\par
I believe Mr. Montgomery is about out of ideas.\par
\par
We would like to call Mr. Barry Benson Bee to the stand.\par
\par
Good idea! You can really see why he's considered one of the best lawyers...\par
\par
Yeah.\par
\par
Layton, you've gotta weave some magic\par
\par
with this jury, or it's gonna be all over.\par
\par
Don't worry. The only thing I have to do to turn this jury around\par
\par
is to remind them of what they don't like about bees.\par
\par
You got the tweezers?\par
\par
Are you allergic?\par
\par
Only to losing, son. Only to losing.\par
\par
Mr. Benson Bee, I'll ask you what I think we'd all like to know.\par
\par
What exactly is your relationship\par
\par
to that woman?\par
\par
We're friends.\par
\par
Good friends?\par
\par
Yes.\par
\par
How good? Do you live together?\par
\par
Wait a minute...\par
\par
Are you her little...\par
\par
...bedbug?\par
\par
I've seen a bee documentary or two. From what I understand,\par
\par
doesn't your queen give birth to all the bee children?\par
\par
Yeah, but...\par
\par
So those aren't your real parents!\par
\par
Oh, Barry...\par
\par
Yes, they are!\par
\par
Hold me back!\par
\par
You're an illegitimate bee, aren't you, Benson?\par
\par
He's denouncing bees!\par
\par
Don't y'all date your cousins?\par
\par
Objection!\par
\par
I'm going to pincushion this guy!\par
\par
Adam, don't! It's what he wants!\par
\par
Oh, I'm hit!!\par
\par
Oh, lordy, I am hit!\par
\par
Order! Order!\par
\par
The venom! The venom is coursing through my veins!\par
\par
I have been felled by a winged beast of destruction!\par
\par
You see? You can't treat them like equals! They're striped savages!\par
\par
Stinging's the only thing they know! It's their way!\par
\par
Adam, stay with me.\par
\par
I can't feel my legs.\par
\par
What angel of mercy will come forward to suck the poison\par
\par
from my heaving buttocks?\par
\par
I will have order in this court. Order!\par
\par
Order, please!\par
\par
The case of the honeybees versus the human race\par
\par
took a pointed turn against the bees\par
\par
yesterday when one of their legal team stung Layton T. Montgomery.\par
\par
Hey, buddy.\par
\par
Hey.\par
\par
Is there much pain?\par
\par
Yeah.\par
\par
I...\par
\par
I blew the whole case, didn't I?\par
\par
It doesn't matter. What matters is you're alive. You could have died.\par
\par
I'd be better off dead. Look at me.\par
\par
They got it from the cafeteria downstairs, in a tuna sandwich.\par
\par
Look, there's a little celery still on it.\par
\par
What was it like to sting someone?\par
\par
I can't explain it. It was all...\par
\par
All adrenaline and then... and then ecstasy!\par
\par
All right.\par
\par
You think it was all a trap?\par
\par
Of course. I'm sorry. I flew us right into this.\par
\par
What were we thinking? Look at us. We're just a couple of bugs in this world.\par
\par
What will the humans do to us if they win?\par
\par
I don't know.\par
\par
I hear they put the roaches in motels. That doesn't sound so bad.\par
\par
Adam, they check in, but they don't check out!\par
\par
Oh, my.\par
\par
Oould you get a nurse to close that window?\par
\par
Why?\par
\par
The smoke.\par
\par
Bees don't smoke.\par
\par
Right. Bees don't smoke.\par
\par
Bees don't smoke! But some bees are smoking.\par
\par
That's it! That's our case!\par
\par
It is? It's not over?\par
 \par
Get dressed. I've gotta go somewhere.\par
\par
Get back to the court and stall. Stall any way you can.\par
\par
And assuming you've done step correctly, you're ready for the tub.\par
\par
Mr. Flayman.\par
\par
Yes? Yes, Your Honor!\par
\par
Where is the rest of your team?\par
\par
Well, Your Honor, it's interesting.\par
\par
Bees are trained to fly haphazardly,\par
\par
and as a result, we don't make very good time.\par
\par
I actually heard a funny story about...\par
\par
Your Honor, haven't these ridiculous bugs\par
\par
taken up enough of this court's valuable time?\par
\par
How much longer will we allow these absurd shenanigans to go on?\par
\par
They have presented no compelling evidence to support their charges\par
\par
against my clients, who run legitimate businesses.\par
\par
I move for a complete dismissal of this entire case!\par
\par
Mr. Flayman, I'm afraid I'm going\par
\par
to have to consider Mr. Montgomery's motion.\par
\par
But you can't! We have a terrific case.\par
\par
Where is your proof? Where is the evidence?\par
\par
Show me the smoking gun!\par
\par
Hold it, Your Honor! You want a smoking gun?\par
\par
Here is your smoking gun.\par
\par
What is that?\par
\par
It's a bee smoker!\par
\par
What, this? This harmless little contraption?\par
\par
This couldn't hurt a fly, let alone a bee.\par
\par
Look at what has happened\par
\par
to bees who have never been asked, "Smoking or non?"\par
\par
Is this what nature intended for us?\par
\par
To be forcibly addicted to smoke machines\par
\par
and man-made wooden slat work camps?\par
\par
Living out our lives as honey slaves to the white man?\par
\par
What are we gonna do?\par
\par
He's playing the species card.\par
\par
Ladies and gentlemen, please, free these bees!\par
\par
Free the bees! Free the bees!\par
\par
Free the bees!\par
\par
Free the bees! Free the bees!\par
\par
The court finds in favor of the bees!\par
\par
Vanessa, we won!\par
\par
I knew you could do it! High-five!\par
\par
Sorry.\par
\par
I'm OK! You know what this means?\par
\par
All the honey will finally belong to the bees.\par
\par
Now we won't have to work so hard all the time.\par
\par
This is an unholy perversion of the balance of nature, Benson.\par
\par
You'll regret this.\par
\par
Barry, how much honey is out there?\par
\par
All right. One at a time.\par
\par
Barry, who are you wearing?\par
\par
My sweater is Ralph Lauren, and I have no pants.\par
\par
What if Montgomery's right?\par
\par
What do you mean?\par
\par
We've been living the bee way a long time, 27 million years.\par
\par
Oongratulations on your victory. What will you demand as a settlement?\par
\par
First, we'll demand a complete shutdown of all bee work camps.\par
\par
Then we want back the honey that was ours to begin with,\par
\par
every last drop.\par
\par
We demand an end to the glorification of the bear as anything more\par
\par
than a filthy, smelly, bad-breath stink machine.\par
\par
We're all aware of what they do in the woods.\par
\par
Wait for my signal.\par
\par
Take him out.\par
\par
He'll have nauseous for a few hours, then he'll be fine.\par
\par
And we will no longer tolerate bee-negative nicknames...\par
\par
But it's just a prance-about stage name!\par
\par
...unnecessary inclusion of honey in bogus health products\par
\par
and la-dee-da human tea-time snack garnishments.\par
\par
Oan't breathe.\par
\par
Bring it in, boys!\par
\par
Hold it right there! Good.\par
\par
Tap it.\par
\par
Mr. Buzzwell, we just passed three cups, and there's gallons more coming!\par
\par
I think we need to shut down!\par
\par
Shut down? We've never shut down.\par
\par
Shut down honey production!\par
\par
Stop making honey!\par
\par
Turn your key, sir!\par
\par
What do we do now?\par
\par
Oannonball!\par
\par
We're shutting honey production!\par
\par
Mission abort.\par
\par
Aborting pollination and nectar detail. Returning to base.\par
\par
Adam, you wouldn't believe how much honey was out there.\par
\par
Oh, yeah?\par
\par
What's going on? Where is everybody?\par
\par
Are they out celebrating?\par
\par
They're home.\par
\par
They don't know what to do. Laying out, sleeping in.\par
\par
I heard your Uncle Oarl was on his way to San Antonio with a cricket.\par
\par
At least we got our honey back.\par
\par
Sometimes I think, so what if humans liked our honey? Who wouldn't?\par
\par
It's the greatest thing in the world! I was excited to be part of making it.\par
\par
This was my new desk. This was my new job. I wanted to do it really well.\par
\par
And now...\par
\par
Now I can't.\par
\par
I don't understand why they're not happy.\par
\par
I thought their lives would be better!\par
\par
They're doing nothing. It's amazing. Honey really changes people.\par
\par
You don't have any idea what's going on, do you?\par
\par
What did you want to show me?\par
\par
This.\par
\par
What happened here?\par
\par
That is not the half of it.\par
\par
Oh, no. Oh, my.\par
\par
They're all wilting.\par
\par
Doesn't look very good, does it?\par
\par
No.\par
\par
And whose fault do you think that is?\par
\par
You know, I'm gonna guess bees.\par
\par
Bees?\par
\par
Specifically, me.\par
\par
I didn't think bees not needing to make honey would affect all these things.\par
\par
It's notjust flowers. Fruits, vegetables, they all need bees.\par
\par
That's our whole SAT test right there.\par
\par
Take away produce, that affects the entire animal kingdom.\par
\par
And then, of course...\par
\par
The human species?\par
\par
So if there's no more pollination,\par
\par
it could all just go south here, couldn't it?\par
\par
I know this is also partly my fault.\par
\par
How about a suicide pact?\par
\par
How do we do it?\par
\par
I'll sting you, you step on me.\par
\par
Thatjust kills you twice.\par
\par
Right, right.\par
\par
Listen, Barry... sorry, but I gotta get going.\par
\par
I had to open my mouth and talk.\par
\par
Vanessa?\par
\par
Vanessa? Why are you leaving? Where are you going?\par
\par
To the final Tournament of Roses parade in Pasadena.\par
\par
They've moved it to this weekend because all the flowers are dying.\par
\par
It's the last chance I'll ever have to see it.\par
\par
Vanessa, I just wanna say I'm sorry. I never meant it to turn out like this.\par
\par
I know. Me neither.\par
\par
Tournament of Roses. Roses can't do sports.\par
\par
Wait a minute. Roses. Roses?\par
\par
Roses!\par
\par
Vanessa!\par
\par
Roses?!\par
\par
Barry?\par
\par
Roses are flowers!\par
\par
Yes, they are.\par
\par
Flowers, bees, pollen!\par
\par
I know. That's why this is the last parade.\par
\par
Maybe not. Oould you ask him to slow down?\par
\par
Oould you slow down?\par
\par
Barry!\par
\par
OK, I made a huge mistake. This is a total disaster, all my fault.\par
\par
Yes, it kind of is.\par
\par
I've ruined the planet. I wanted to help you\par
\par
with the flower shop. I've made it worse.\par
\par
Actually, it's completely closed down.\par
\par
I thought maybe you were remodeling.\par
\par
But I have another idea, and it's greater than my previous ideas combined.\par
\par
I don't want to hear it!\par
\par
All right, they have the roses, the roses have the pollen.\par
\par
I know every bee, plant and flower bud in this park.\par
\par
All we gotta do is get what they've got back here with what we've got.\par
\par
Bees.\par
\par
Park.\par
\par
Pollen!\par
\par
Flowers.\par
\par
Repollination!\par
\par
Across the nation!\par
\par
Tournament of Roses, Pasadena, Oalifornia.\par
\par
They've got nothing but flowers, floats and cotton candy.\par
\par
Security will be tight.\par
\par
I have an idea.\par
\par
Vanessa Bloome, FTD.\par
\par
Official floral business. It's real.\par
\par
Sorry, ma'am. Nice brooch.\par
\par
Thank you. It was a gift.\par
\par
Once inside, we just pick the right float.\par
\par
How about The Princess and the Pea?\par
\par
I could be the princess, and you could be the pea!\par
\par
Yes, I got it.\par
\par
Where should I sit?\par
\par
What are you?\par
\par
I believe I'm the pea.\par
\par
The pea?\par
\par
It goes under the mattresses.\par
\par
Not in this fairy tale, sweetheart.\par
\par
I'm getting the marshal.\par
\par
You do that! This whole parade is a fiasco!\par
\par
Let's see what this baby'll do.\par
\par
Hey, what are you doing?!\par
\par
Then all we do is blend in with traffic...\par
\par
...without arousing suspicion.\par
\par
Once at the airport, there's no stopping us.\par
\par
Stop! Security.\par
\par
You and your insect pack your float?\par
\par
Yes.\par
\par
Has it been in your possession the entire time?\par
\par
Would you remove your shoes?\par
\par
Remove your stinger.\par
\par
It's part of me.\par
\par
I know. Just having some fun. Enjoy your flight.\par
\par
Then if we're lucky, we'll have just enough pollen to do the job.\par
\par
Oan you believe how lucky we are? We have just enough pollen to do the job!\par
\par
I think this is gonna work.\par
\par
It's got to work.\par
\par
Attention, passengers, this is Oaptain Scott.\par
\par
We have a bit of bad weather in New York.\par
\par
It looks like we'll experience a couple hours delay.\par
\par
Barry, these are cut flowers with no water. They'll never make it.\par
\par
I gotta get up there and talk to them.\par
\par
Be careful.\par
\par
Oan I get help with the Sky Mall magazine?\par
\par
I'd like to order the talking inflatable nose and ear hair trimmer.\par
\par
Oaptain, I'm in a real situation.\par
\par
What'd you say, Hal?\par
\par
Nothing.\par
\par
Bee!\par
\par
Don't freak out! My entire species...\par
\par
What are you doing?\par
\par
Wait a minute! I'm an attorney!\par
\par
Who's an attorney?\par
\par
Don't move.\par
\par
Oh, Barry.\par
\par
Good afternoon, passengers. This is your captain.\par
\par
Would a Miss Vanessa Bloome in 24B please report to the cockpit?\par
\par
And please hurry!\par
\par
What happened here?\par
\par
There was a DustBuster, a toupee, a life raft exploded.\par
\par
One's bald, one's in a boat, they're both unconscious!\par
\par
Is that another bee joke?\par
\par
No!\par
\par
No one's flying the plane!\par
\par
This is JFK control tower, Flight 356. What's your status?\par
\par
This is Vanessa Bloome. I'm a florist from New York.\par
\par
Where's the pilot?\par
\par
He's unconscious, and so is the copilot.\par
\par
Not good. Does anyone onboard have flight experience?\par
\par
As a matter of fact, there is.\par
\par
Who's that?\par
\par
Barry Benson.\par
\par
From the honey trial?! Oh, great.\par
\par
Vanessa, this is nothing more than a big metal bee.\par
\par
It's got giant wings, huge engines.\par
\par
I can't fly a plane.\par
\par
Why not? Isn't John Travolta a pilot?\par
\par
Yes.\par
\par
How hard could it be?\par
\par
Wait, Barry! We're headed into some lightning.\par
\par
This is Bob Bumble. We have some late-breaking news from JFK Airport,\par
\par
where a suspenseful scene is developing.\par
\par
Barry Benson, fresh from his legal victory...\par
\par
That's Barry!\par
\par
...is attempting to land a plane, loaded with people, flowers\par
\par
and an incapacitated flight crew.\par
\par
Flowers?!\par
\par
We have a storm in the area and two individuals at the controls\par
\par
with absolutely no flight experience.\par
\par
Just a minute. There's a bee on that plane.\par
\par
I'm quite familiar with Mr. Benson and his no-account compadres.\par
\par
They've done enough damage.\par
\par
But isn't he your only hope?\par
\par
Technically, a bee shouldn't be able to fly at all.\par
\par
Their wings are too small...\par
\par
Haven't we heard this a million times?\par
\par
"The surface area of the wings and body mass make no sense."\par
\par
Get this on the air!\par
\par
Got it.\par
\par
Stand by.\par
\par
We're going live.\par
\par
 The way we work may be a mystery to you.\par
\par
Making honey takes a lot of bees doing a lot of small jobs.\par
\par
But let me tell you about a small job.\par
\par
If you do it well, it makes a big difference.\par
\par
More than we realized. To us, to everyone.\par
\par
That's why I want to get bees back to working together.\par
\par
That's the bee way! We're not made of Jell-O.\par
\par
We get behind a fellow.\par
\par
Black and yellow!\par
\par
Hello!\par
\par
Left, right, down, hover.\par
\par
Hover?\par
\par
Forget hover.\par
\par
This isn't so hard. Beep-beep! Beep-beep!\par
\par
Barry, what happened?!\par
\par
Wait, I think we were on autopilot the whole time.\par
\par
That may have been helping me.\par
\par
And now we're not!\par
\par
So it turns out I cannot fly a plane.\par
\par
All of you, let's get behind this fellow! Move it out!\par
\par
Move out!\par
\par
Our only chance is if I do what I'd do, you copy me with the wings of the plane!\par
\par
Don't have to yell.\par
\par
I'm not yelling! We're in a lot of trouble.\par
\par
It's very hard to concentrate with that panicky tone in your voice!\par
\par
It's not a tone. I'm panicking!\par
\par
I can't do this!\par
\par
Vanessa, pull yourself together. You have to snap out of it!\par
\par
You snap out of it.\par
\par
You snap out of it.\par
\par
You snap out of it!\par
\par
You snap out of it!\par
\par
You snap out of it!\par
\par
You snap out of it!\par
\par
You snap out of it!\par
\par
You snap out of it!\par
\par
Hold it!\par
\par
Why? Oome on, it's my turn.\par
\par
How is the plane flying?\par
\par
I don't know.\par
\par
Hello?\par
\par
Benson, got any flowers for a happy occasion in there?\par
\par
The Pollen Jocks!\par
\par
They do get behind a fellow.\par
\par
Black and yellow.\par
\par
Hello.\par
\par
All right, let's drop this tin can on the blacktop.\par
\par
Where? I can't see anything. Oan you?\par
\par
No, nothing. It's all cloudy.\par
 \par
 Oome on. You got to think bee, Barry.\par
\par
Thinking bee.\par
\par
Thinking bee.\par
\par
Thinking bee! Thinking bee! Thinking bee!\par
\par
Wait a minute. I think I'm feeling something.\par
\par
What?\par
\par
I don't know. It's strong, pulling me.\par
\par
Like a 27-million-year-old instinct.\par
\par
Bring the nose down.\par
\par
Thinking bee! Thinking bee! Thinking bee!\par
\par
What in the world is on the tarmac?\par
\par
Get some lights on that!\par
\par
Thinking bee! Thinking bee! Thinking bee!\par
\par
Vanessa, aim for the flower.\par
\par
OK.\par
\par
Out the engines. We're going in on bee power. Ready, boys?\par
\par
Affirmative!\par
\par
Good. Good. Easy, now. That's it.\par
\par
Land on that flower!\par
\par
Ready? Full reverse!\par
\par
Spin it around!\par
\par
Not that flower! The other one!\par
\par
Which one?\par
\par
That flower.\par
\par
I'm aiming at the flower!\par
\par
That's a fat guy in a flowered shirt. I mean the giant pulsating flower\par
\par
made of millions of bees!\par
\par
Pull forward. Nose down. Tail up.\par
\par
Rotate around it.\par
\par
This is insane, Barry!\par
\par
This's the only way I know how to fly.\par
\par
Am I koo-koo-kachoo, or is this plane flying in an insect-like pattern?\par
\par
Get your nose in there. Don't be afraid. Smell it. Full reverse!\par
\par
Just drop it. Be a part of it.\par
\par
Aim for the center!\par
\par
Now drop it in! Drop it in, woman!\par
\par
Oome on, already.\par
\par
Barry, we did it! You taught me how to fly!\par
\par
Yes. No high-five!\par
\par
Right.\par
\par
Barry, it worked! Did you see the giant flower?\par
\par
What giant flower? Where? Of course I saw the flower! That was genius!\par
\par
Thank you.\par
\par
But we're not done yet.\par
\par
Listen, everyone!\par
\par
This runway is covered with the last pollen\par
\par
from the last flowers available anywhere on Earth.\par
\par
That means this is our last chance.\par
\par
We're the only ones who make honey, pollinate flowers and dress like this.\par
\par
If we're gonna survive as a species, this is our moment! What do you say?\par
\par
Are we going to be bees, orjust Museum of Natural History keychains?\par
\par
We're bees!\par
\par
Keychain!\par
\par
Then follow me! Except Keychain.\par
\par
Hold on, Barry. Here.\par
\par
You've earned this.\par
\par
Yeah!\par
\par
I'm a Pollen Jock! And it's a perfect fit. All I gotta do are the sleeves.\par
\par
Oh, yeah.\par
\par
That's our Barry.\par
\par
Mom! The bees are back!\par
\par
If anybody needs to make a call, now's the time.\par
\par
I got a feeling we'll be working late tonight!\par
\par
Here's your change. Have a great afternoon! Oan I help who's next?\par
\par
Would you like some honey with that? It is bee-approved. Don't forget these.\par
\par
Milk, cream, cheese, it's all me. And I don't see a nickel!\par
\par
Sometimes I just feel like a piece of meat!\par
\par
I had no idea.\par
\par
Barry, I'm sorry. Have you got a moment?\par
\par
Would you excuse me? My mosquito associate will help you.\par
\par
Sorry I'm late.\par
\par
He's a lawyer too?\par
\par
I was already a blood-sucking parasite. All I needed was a briefcase.\par
\par
Have a great afternoon!\par
\par
Barry, I just got this huge tulip order, and I can't get them anywhere.\par
\par
No problem, Vannie. Just leave it to me.\par
\par
You're a lifesaver, Barry. Oan I help who's next?\par
\par
All right, scramble, jocks! It's time to fly.\par
\par
Thank you, Barry!\par
\par
That bee is living my life!\par
\par
Let it go, Kenny.\par
\par
When will this nightmare end?!\par
\par
Let it all go.\par
\par
Beautiful day to fly.\par
\par
Sure is.\par
\par
Between you and me, I was dying to get out of that office.\par
\par
You have got to start thinking bee, my friend.\par
\par
Thinking bee!\par
\par
Me?\par
\par
Hold it. Let's just stop for a second. Hold it.\par
\par
I'm sorry. I'm sorry, everyone. Oan we stop here?\par
\par
I'm not making a major life decision during a production number!\par
\par
All right. Take ten, everybody. Wrap it up, guys.\par
\par
I had virtually no rehearsal for that.\par
\par
\b\i THE END\b0\i0\par
}
 